>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know, in the
television business,
we always go by ratings
to determine, of course,
how an audience is
perceiving a program.
And of course, in
commercial television,
it's sponsor-oriented.
The higher the ratings, the
bigger the sponsorship becomes.
Well with our show, "Beyond
Belief," we're rated, too.
We're rated at what you like
to see and watch and hear.
And one of our highest
rated programs,
beyond a shadow of a doubt,
is with David Wilcock,
who's with me now.
David, welcome.
>>DAVID WILCOCK: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Quite an introduction
to you, wasn't it?
>>WILCOCK: Yeah, I think
my head has exploded.
>>NOORY: You have
a program starting
on Gaiam Television soon
called "Disclosure."
What's that all about?
>>WILCOCK: We had so
many requests for people
to be interviewed by me
that it broke off and became
a second show.
And my goal was to try to create
a disclosure through Gaiam TV,
to essentially get the truth
out and talk to people who
are giving us the
inside scoop, and also
share what I know from a variety
of insiders who would never
come forward for interviews.
So we created a vast narrative
arc in which everything
is part of a story, sort
of like the TV show "Lost,"
except that it's actually
going to resolve at the end
and not just spiral
off into nothingness.
>>NOORY: Right,
leaving us wondering.
>>WILCOCK: So we
have this vast grid
in which every piece
of content plugs
in to an overall arc,
which is pretty cool.
So if you watch the show, by
the time it's all finished,
and it's going to be evolving,
obviously, week by week.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>WILCOCK: By the time
you see the whole thing,
it is essentially a complete
disclosure of everything
that I think people ought to
know that has been suppressed
and hidden from us as truth.
>>NOORY: So it could
be UFOs, the cover up
there, it could be
one world government.
>>WILCOCK: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: It could be all of
these various alternative--
>>WILCOCK: Ancient
civilizations.
>>NOORY: --medicine,
health issues, you name it.
>>WILCOCK: We found a way
to weave it all together
and create something
that makes sense.
And we're essentially going
to start ancient and work
our way forward.
So it's very exciting.
I've already actually done
several of the interviews,
and I'm very happy with
how it's turning out.
So here, with you I wanted to
focus on sort of a part two
to our previous episode since,
as you said, it was so popular.
And we've been talking
about the ascension concept.
So if you're interested
in me continuing,
we can talk about
that, or maybe you
have something else you'd
like to discuss this time.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHTER] Would
I simply say no to you?
>>WILCOCK: You could say no.
You have the right.
You have free will.
>>NOORY: David and I, by
the way, go way, way back.
I stiffed him on lunch
once, and I've never
heard the end of that.
>>WILCOCK: Well, you actually
still haven't paid me back.
>>NOORY: No, I haven't
>>WILCOCK: But we're apparently
going to go to a restaurant
at some point in the future.
>>NOORY: We actually
walked out on the check
and you got stuck with
the bill, didn't you?
>>WILCOCK: That is true.
I did eat the remaining
half of the sandwich
that you did not eat.
So at least I got
some of my money back
>>NOORY: You got
something out of it.
That's good.
Well now, when we talk about
ascension, rainbow abilities,
what does that mean?
>>WILCOCK: Ascension
is a concept
that's easily misunderstood.
And in our previous
episode, we discussed
that there are different
types of ascension.
So the concept of rainbow
body is quite daunting,
because a rainbow body
ascension is literally
finishing the entire
job of what you're here
for in the universe in
all of your lifetimes.
>>NOORY: And who
finishes that job?
Do we do that?
>>WILCOCK: Most people probably
are not going to do this.
That type of ascension is
very, very exclusive and rare,
and it requires,
essentially, a life
that is completely dedicated
to one pointedness of mind,
meditating on having every
thought be a loving thought.
>>NOORY: Could be
like the Jesus state?
>>WILCOCK: Yes.
Now, what's interesting is that
we have a lineage from Buddha
that becomes Tibetan Buddhism.
And Buddha, of course,
also taught ascension
and ascended at the end of his
life into a rainbow body state.
Then, there were
other reinforcements
who came in later.
I have an eight part
miniseries on the rainbow body
on my show, "Wisdom
Teachings," where
I go through this, that
there was a guy who shows up
around 790 AD moving
through India, then
into Nepal and Bhutan and
eventually settling in Tibet.
And his name was
Padmasambhava, which
means "the man who was
born of the lotus."
And the lotus appears to be
a flying craft of some kind.
>>NOORY: Isn't that interesting?
>>WILCOCK: The legend says
he didn't have a mother.
He didn't have a father.
He shows up as an
adult out of this egg
that comes out of the sky.
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>WILCOCK: OK.
And he leaves hand prints
and footprints in the rock.
He could just mush
into solid stone.
>>NOORY: Do we have that?
That's stone?
>>WILCOCK: We don't have
that technology now,
but there are plenty of other--
>>NOORY: No, but I mean is
the stone around somewhere?
>>WILCOCK: Oh, there's
dozens of them.
>>NOORY: And you can
see a hand print there?
>>WILCOCK: Oh yeah, and it
took eight episodes for me
to go through all of it.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>WILCOCK: So the key is
this temple where he first
achieved the highest level of
this practice or at least close
to the highest level.
And he walks out of the
temple and he mushes his hand
into the stone.
But they're six fingers
on the hand print.
>>NOORY: Ah.
>>WILCOCK: And
that's very bizarre.
Then, some of the footprints
from him, he's barefoot
and his foot looks
totally different.
It's human like, but it
has distinct differences.
>>NOORY: You think he
was an extraterrestrial?
>>WILCOCK: Absolutely,
extraterrestrial human.
And another weird
thing about him
is that when you see
sculptures of him,
he's got this little
bitty mustache
it looks like you
drew it with a pencil.
My guess is that his
extraterrestrial human species
doesn't have facial
hair at all and he just
drew it in sort
of apologetically.
Maybe you ought
to try that buddy.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
Maybe I should.
>>WILCOCK: [LAUGHTER]
>>NOORY: Thanks for
bringing that up, David.
>>WILCOCK: You know the point
is Padmasambhava gave Tibetans
the modern practice
of dzogchen, which
is their word for the formless
state of being that we all
emerge from.
And Padmasambhava paved the
way for 25 of his own disciples
to also hit rainbow body
at the end of their lives
just like he did.
The legends say-- and
we're talking now 800,
815 AD-- these guys are flying
around in the air like birds.
Not just Padmasambhava
but his disciples as well.
You're literally watching
people zipping around
in the air in their
physical bodies.
>>NOORY: There some
reports of people
seeing human-like creatures
flying in the air.
>>WILCOCK: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Now, that's weird.
Might that be this?
>>WILCOCK: It very
well could be.
We are all, as a
human race, going
through a provocative
transitional process in which
it appears that we are in a
losing war with a villain that
is supernatural and beyond
any capability to be defeated.
And yet, this is
exactly what all
of the ancient
prophetic traditions
say was going to happen
to us at this time.
It's not just
Christianity saying
that Lucifer was given
dominion over the earth
and that the Beast
of Revelation would
be formed into an
idol worshipped
by all peoples of all
nations of all tongues.
That is not strictly Christian.
The Hindus talk about it.
>>NOORY: They all talk about it.
>>WILCOCK: The
Iranians talk about it
in Zoroastrian scriptures
like the Vivendidad.
>>NOORY: The Muslims.
>>WILCOCK: The Muslim
scriptures totally have it.
Native American prophecy has it.
Celtic prophecy has it.
Everywhere you go,
it's saying that there
is going to be this mega
villain that shows up
on Earth that seems
impossible to be defeated.
But depending on which
one you go through,
the prophecies have some very
interesting things that happen.
For example, there
is a reincarnation
in the Hindu tradition at
the end of the age, which
is basically now or very
soon, of Kalki the Destroyer.
>>NOORY: Oh boy.
>>WILCOCK: Kalki the Destroyer
comes in and kicks ass,
and specifically he goes
after the people who
are part of this villain.
And he has these eight
magical abilities
that are way beyond
what we can do.
Essentially, the
greatest superhero you
could imagine in
any Hollywood film,
he's got all their
magic powers and more.
And he's using that to defend
us against the bad guys.
>>NOORY: Where is he now?
We may need him.
>>WILCOCK: It's
probably something
that will happen
sooner than we think.
And interestingly
enough, when you
look at what the prophetic
traditions are saying,
it appears that it
is people like us who
will go through the
evolutionary process
and become those heroes who
start cleaning up the planet.
>>NOORY: Are we close
to end times now, David?
>>WILCOCK: This is end times
as far as I'm concerned
>>NOORY: You think we're
right in it, right now?
>>WILCOCK: If you look at
the 2012 prophecies, which
of course I was a big
component of and proponent of,
what we're seeing is a
transitional change that
is very much
precisely determined
by astrophysical cycles.
We're not talking about
anything arbitrary here.
All of the ancient
traditions-- essentially,
every ancient
tradition on earth says
that they were
contacted by gods.
Every ancient tradition
says the gods looked human.
says that we're
going to go into a golden age.
And every ancient tradition
uses symbolism and metaphors
and mythologies and
mathematical codes
to indicate that this
golden age begins
at the end of a
25,000 year cycle.
And that's the procession of
the equinoxes that you hear.
>>NOORY: They all say this?
>>WILCOCK: They all say this.
That was only determined by the
work of Giorgio de Stantillana
and Hertha von Deschend.
They have a classic book
called "Hamlet's Mill,"
and I first heard
about it 1995 when
I read "Fingerprints of the
Gods" by Graham Hancock.
"Hamlet's Mill" is
a meta analysis.
It's the grand
unified conspiracy
theory of ancient history.
And what they did is they
went through everything
and found that every
single ancient culture that
has written records
that survived,
or oral teachings that
survived, they all
have very cleverly
encoded metaphors
about this wobble
in the Earth's axis,
which mathematically causes
the stars in the night sky
to shift in their position
during the equinox
by one degree every 72 years.
You multiply 72 by 360 which
is the number of degrees
in a circle, and you
get 25,920 years.
If you chop that
up into 12 units,
you get 2160 years per unit, and
that's your age of the zodiac.
And we're moving into
the Age of Aquarius.
Now in my book, "Source
Field Investigations,"
I got right into
the debate and got
my hands dirty about when does
the Age of Aquarius start.
And it is true that
French astronomers
calculated that
it began in 2011.
And when you look at the Mayan
calendar, the Mayan calendar
end date of December 21, 2012,
probably you felt the same way.
I was hoping for
bigger fireworks.
>>NOORY: I thought we might have
had some kind of solar flare
or some kind of event like that.
>>WILCOCK: I wanted
to see something.
I didn't want it to be
this deafening silence--
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>WILCOCK: --because I actually
did hinge a lot of my beliefs
and my public
persona on the idea
that there would be some
profound transition.
>>NOORY: What if the
time period was wrong?
>>WILCOCK: It's
entirely possible
that that is what happened.
But before we get
into that, I want
to say look at what happens
in our society six months
after the Mayan calendar ending.
All of a sudden, we've had the
Snowden documents come out.
NSA surveillance is
no longer something
that's only talked about at
1:00 AM on the nation's largest
nighttime talk radio program.
Now, it's mainstream.
It's public knowledge that
they are listening to you.
Why are they listening to you?
It's not to find
some guy hanging out
in a cave in Afghanistan
polishing his box.
>>NOORY: His arrows.
>>WILCOCK: [LAUGHTER]
>>NOORY: That's true.
>>WILCOCK: Forget about that.
What they're interested
in is suppressing dissent
because we're dealing with
the biblical villain here.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And knowing
where to go to suppress it.
>>WILCOCK: That's exactly right.
If you can identify the
threat before it manifests,
then you have the ability
to secure a new world order.
And what's so interesting
is that both the good guys
and the bad guys
understand that we're
going to go through
an ascension process.
The bad guys--
and I'm not saying
that everybody who's into
ancient mystery schools is bad.
There are definitely people who
have been Freemasons, who've
studied ancient mystery schools,
who are doing the right thing
and helping us.
>>NOORY: Right,
they're good people.
>>WILCOCK: I do believe
that, absolutely.
>>NOORY: They're
part of disclosure.
>>WILCOCK: There
are also people who
are sacrificing newborn babies
and who are doing pedophilia
and who are creating mass
slaughter of innocent people
on vast scales.
The most evil things you
could possibly imagine
are being done.
>>NOORY: What's wrong with them?
How can somebody
even conceive this?
>>WILCOCK: I would
say that the answer is
to look at the profile and
the physiological evidence
of what's called a psychopath.
A psychopath is a person
whose frontal lobes do not
function in the brain.
The brain does not show
electrical activity up here.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
It's like it's dead.
>>WILCOCK: That's
right, and that's
the area where you have feelings
and compassion and remorse
and you're willing to apologize.
A psychopath or a sociopath--
and the terms are sort
of interchangeable--
>>NOORY: Are the narcissistic?
>>WILCOCK: They're
highly narcissistic
and they will not apologize.
One of the best test--
>>NOORY: Because they don't
think they did anything wrong.
>>WILCOCK: That's right.
If you look at serial
killers on death row,
they invariably say I
didn't do anything wrong.
And even if you ask
them, well, didn't
you kill all those people.
They said yes.
Typically--
>>NOORY: They had it coming.
>>WILCOCK: --the killer has some
sort of storyline, similar to--
>>NOORY: He has a reason
why he did what he did.
>>WILCOCK: Yeah.
You look at the Friday the
13th movies with Jason,
the guy with the hockey mask,
and he's killing people.
[BREATHY SOUND EFFECTS] Right.
Invariably, his
victims are people
who are violating a traditional
Christian idea of morality.
So he's sort of setting the
game straight by skewering
this lady who's
having sex in a car.
>>NOORY: Yeah, a young couple
in bed or something like that.
So evil.
>>WILCOCK: Every killer
has a story like that.
They're so deeply wounded that
they are perpetrating abuse
on others as a way of making
themselves feel better
because the pain is so extreme--
>>NOORY: Precisely.
>>WILCOCK: --that they don't
care about their own life.
Most psychopaths--
in fact, I would
argue almost all psychopaths
are also suicidal.
They're ready to go at any time.
>>NOORY: But they don't do it.
Why?
>>WILCOCK: Because they
want to make it count.
If they're going to
go out, they want
to go out in a blaze of glory,
and they want to get revenge,
and they want to take out a
whole bunch of people first.
>>NOORY: Do they
want to be caught?
>>WILCOCK: Ultimately,
some of them do.
And they don't care
if they get killed.
They don't care if they get
caught, because they don't
value their own lives very much.
>>NOORY: The FBI tells us,
David, that at any given time,
there are at least 50
serial killers wandering
around the United States,
right now as we speak.
>>WILCOCK: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: At least 50.
>>WILCOCK: But the
serial killer thing
has actually allowed most
psychopaths to operate
under cover, because
most psychopaths are
nonviolent psychopaths.
>>NOORY: Most of the time.
>>WILCOCK: That's right.
Now, they may be capable of
violence, but most of them
don't actually go there
because they're not all the way
down the road where
they're actually suicidal
and they're ready to go.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>WILCOCK: And they just want
to take a bunch of people out.
A non-violent
psychopath is a person
who is highly narcissistic,
highly self involved, highly
dominant.
One of the key characteristics
of a psychopath
is called fearless dominance.
They are not affected by fear.
But that also leads to
intolerable boredom.
They get their thrills
through doing dangerous things
and through dominating
and abusing other people.
>>NOORY: Do their families
know who they are?
>>WILCOCK: Absolutely.
If you're living
with a psychopath,
you're dealing with a person
who is always going to be right.
They're always going
to be in control.
They dominate you.
You're always in trouble.
You're always
apologizing to them.
You can never meet up
to their expectations.
>>NOORY: You're never right.
>>WILCOCK: You're never right,
and they will never apologize.
And they got one set of rules
for them and one set for you.
And if you break their
rules in the slightest way,
you're in deep trouble, but
they can break their own rules
all the time, and if you
dare to stand up to them,
all they're going to do is just
hammer you down with force.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
How do they ascend?
Will they ever ascend?
>>WILCOCK: What ends up
happening-- and we do know this
from the past life
regression work of people
like Dr. Michael Newton-- is
that psychopaths, when they
go into the afterlife, they
know what they're doing.
And they understand that
they have a role to fulfil.
And part of that role is
that they're in a soul family
and they are the ones who stir
things up and cause trouble
and create chaos, which leads
other people to evolve faster.
They're aware in the afterlife
that they're doing this.
And they say things
like, I don't
want to go too easy on you.
I want to make sure that
you have the struggle
that you're going to need to
grow and move forward and be
spring loaded in your
own spiritual evolution.
And, ultimately, they
are going to have
to pay off all of that karma.
The people in the
Illuminati, if you
want to use that term, those
people-- or you could use
the word cabal and that's
less charged-- the people
in the cabal think
of themselves as
if they are a natural
force like a fire.
How can you blame a fire for
burning down a whole village?
That's just what the fire did
because it had the right wind,
and it had the right
dryness, and it
had the right time of the year.
The fire is just a
natural phenomenon.
>>NOORY: It just is what it is.
>>WILCOCK: It is what it is.
You can't blame the lion for
tearing apart the gazelle.
The lion was hungry.
That's how he eats.
The problem is that
you are not an element.
You're not a mineral.
You're a thinking,
feeling human being
with an ethical code that is
a universal standard which
is called the prime
directive, if you
use Star Trek, or basically
the law of free will.
>>NOORY: The psychopath does
not have any conscience does he?
>>WILCOCK: They don't understand
that the prime directive is
real.
They don't understand
that if you infringe
on someone's free will,
it must be balanced out.
And the ultimate
source of that is
that we're all coming
from the same identity.
The universe is one mind.
Therefore, if I were to suddenly
take this and throw it on you,
like Richard Branson--
wasn't it he who did that?
No, it wasn't Branson.
But there's been a couple cases
where somebody threw water
on somebody else on television.
I'm not going to do that to you.
>>NOORY: Thanks, David.
>>WILCOCK: Because
then I'd get fired.
I'd lose my job probably,
but that would suck.
>>NOORY: And I'd
hate you forever.
>>WILCOCK: And you'd hate me.
It's not-- I'm not going
to balance out the sandwich
karma--
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>WILCOCK: --that way.
>>NOORY: I mean over
a unpaid lunch--
>>WILCOCK: I think
a gentle meal--
>>NOORY: --you would do that?
>>WILCOCK: I think a gentle
dinner would suffice.
But the point is--
>>NOORY: Fair compromise.
>>WILCOCK: --if you're
out there and you're
doing this kind of
stuff and you're not
getting what's going
to happen to you,
you're just repeating
the cycle that
exists in the lack of knowledge
of who you really are.
You are me.
If I did that to you, if I
throw this water all over you,
I'm hurting myself.
>>NOORY: You forget
I have one, too.
>>WILCOCK: That's true.
>>NOORY: See?
Checks and balances.
How many people will not ascend?
>>WILCOCK: There are--
>>NOORY: Most of them.
>>WILCOCK: I would imagine
most people are not ready.
I would imagine
that most people are
going to repeat third
dimensional reality
on another planet.
And this gets into
the deep esoteric
of what we're
talking about, which
is my source body of
teaching, the body
of teaching that's
sort of gave rise
to everything else
I've done since then
is called the Law of One.
People say David, how do
you know so much stuff?
How did you put
this all together?
It started in 1996,
in January, when
I began reading these
series of five books.
>>NOORY: Sure.
And I call you, as you know at
events, the world's greatest
thinker.
>>WILCOCK: Well,
I appreciate that.
>>NOORY: Because
that's what you are.
>>WILCOCK: You have
told me off camera
that you think I'm the smartest
person you've ever met.
Maybe I shouldn't say that,
but you just said it so.
>>NOORY: I just admitted it.
>>WILCOCK: It's funny
when you have-- OK, I
don't think of myself as smart.
I don't think of
myself as different.
But the way that I
notice that I'm different
actually is in my ethics.
I expect other people to think
and behave the way that I do.
>>NOORY: They're not going to.
>>WILCOCK: And they don't.
>>NOORY: And you get frustrated?
>>WILCOCK: They lie.
They disappoint.
They are willing
to use my strengths
to further their own gains
without wanting to work hard.
>>NOORY: They compromise.
>>WILCOCK: I see this
over and over again.
It's a repeating
theme of people want
to latch on and benefit
from someone else's energy.
>>NOORY: I would say 9 out
of 10 people are that way.
>>WILCOCK: Sadly, I
would have to agree
that a predominant
number of people
are basically lazy
and unmotivated.
And the cabal makes use of that.
They try to funnel you down
pre-described channels that
benefit them.
You work 9:00 to 5:00.
You come home and you
watch the boob tube.
>>NOORY: Then that's it.
>>WILCOCK: Television
programming.
>>NOORY: That's what they want.
Hey, as Howard Beale in
the movie networks said,
just give us our telly, my
radial tires, my toaster,
and leave us alone.
>>WILCOCK: [LAUGHTER]
>>NOORY: Just leave us alone.
>>WILCOCK: That's true.
But if they can then
get you angry at who
they want to attack, then
in that moment where you
feel oh my gosh there is no God.
The government has to save us.
It's so traumatic, I
can't deal with this.
I don't want to think about it.
Go bomb those sons of guns.
Then, if you slip for
that short period of time,
they get to get away
with murder literally.
>>NOORY: Do you think the
good guys will eventually win?
>>WILCOCK: Absolutely.
What we're seeing on earth
right now, I believe,
is paving the way
for more people
to be able to ascend by
the mass public decloaking
of the satanic agenda,
because it is satanic.
>>NOORY: It is satanic.
There's no question about that.
>>WILCOCK: Look at
what's happening
in music videos for example.
Look at what's happening
in so many movies
where all of these negative
behavioral characteristics
are enshrined as,
hey, this is what
you should do if you
want to be happy.
>>NOORY: I would guess
Frank Sinatra's rolling
over in this grave
looking at some
of the music that's
out there today.
Now look, I'm not a
prude by any means.
I remember the Beatles episode,
and I remember my parents
saying, oh, their hair is
so long and this and that.
I don't go there.
You know, I like younger people
with their styles and stuff.
But I got to tell you,
some of the music I see
and the wiggling and so-called
dancing just to me is not art.
It's horrible.
>>WILCOCK: It goes way beyond.
>>NOORY: Yet, social networking,
David, has made it popular.
And people are into this.
>>WILCOCK: It goes way beyond
Elvis swishing his hips.
>>NOORY: Yeah, way beyond.
>>WILCOCK: That was supposedly
a big conspiracy when
it happened, but
twerking is very, very
much more erotic than
Elvis' swiveling hips dance.
>>NOORY: It's amazing what
society has gone through.
>>WILCOCK: But you
and I have a choice
of how we're going
to respond to this.
We can see something
that appears
to be beyond our control,
but you and I, I would say,
both of us are heroes.
We've stepped up to the plate.
We're going out there
as public figures.
We're using our real name.
I mean your name
might not be Noory.
There might be some other--
>>NOORY: No, it's Noory.
>>WILCOCK: It is Noory.
>>NOORY: It is Noory.
>>WILCOCK: It's not like
some crazy multisyllabic.
>>NOORY: No, it is what it is.
>>WILCOCK: So there you are.
You got your real name.
I got my real name.
We're out here.
People know who we are.
We have to travel with security
when we do these conferences
because there's crazy
people out there,
but we're out there doing it.
And more and more people
are becoming heroic.
They're speaking out.
They're stepping up to
the powers that were,
and they're learning that
we can make a difference.
We can change the outcome.
We're not stuck with
the way things are.
And these villains
are vulnerable.
If we fear them,
that is worship.
That's what they want want.
>>NOORY: But they do have
the upper hand right now.
>>WILCOCK: It would
appear that way,
but look at the things that
are starting to happen.
Look at how there is an ever
increasing international
alliance, BRICS, as it's
called-- Brazil, Russia, India,
China, South Africa-- that has
essentially already created
the beginnings of an alternative
financial system that
will unhook the dollar
from being the only way
that any two countries
can spend money
and buy each other's stuff.
That's the way it's been.
That's the global
reserve currency.
>>NOORY: 30 seconds, bitcoin,
would you ever do it?
>>WILCOCK: Bitcoin
just dropped to $287.
>>NOORY: God, it was at
$900 a few months ago.
>>WILCOCK: The Queen
bought a whole bunch of it,
that's what my insiders told me.
So I would watch
out for bitcoin.
>>NOORY: The Queen
bought bitcoin.
>>WILCOCK: A whole bunch,
that's what my insiders told me.
>>NOORY: I don't know.
I would not.
>>WILCOCK: She doesn't want
to compete with the dollar.
>>NOORY: I don't think I
would invest in bitcoins.
>>WILCOCK: Neither would I.
>>NOORY: No, it's
kind of dangerous.
>>WILCOCK: It's very volatile.
>>NOORY: When digitally just
a push of a button it's gone,
I still like the paper money.
>>WILCOCK: Paper money is going
to always be there in some form
until we get our materializers
and our ET technology,
which could be a lot
sooner than we think.
>>NOORY: If David Wilcock could
change one thing on this planet
right now, what would it be?
>>WILCOCK: Probably my shirt.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHTER]
>>WILCOCK: It's kind of sticky.
No, honestly, I would want
to see this type of material
that you and I are
talking about get out
to much larger audiences so
they have the opportunity
to understand how
they've been misled
and where the faults lie in our
prevailing scientific paradigm,
which is based on lack and
materialism and might makes
right.
>>NOORY: Do you
think it's doable?
Changeable?
>>WILCOCK: I think
it's absolutely doable.
I think that the world
that we're heading into
is a world of much
greater harmony and peace.
And I think that we are
seeing the dawning of that
coming to fruition.
If we get disclosure, if the
UFO cover up is uncloaked
and it all becomes known, then
with it comes technologies that
can completely satisfy all
the needs of our biosphere,
can eliminate the drought
problem in California.
We can desalinate ocean water.
We can have teleportation,
anti-gravity,
materialize objects
out of thin air,
and that is one aspect of this.
But we're not going
to get that, we're not
going to be allowed to get
that, until we're ethical enough
to handle it and not become
this conquering race that wants
to go out throughout the galaxy
and kick everybody's ass.
>>NOORY: How close
is David Wilcock
to becoming a rainbow body?
>>WILCOCK: [LAUGHTER] If I would
answer a question about myself
in third person, I would
say David is doing well.
But the answer on a physical
level as the I would be I
hope that I'm doing well
and I always stay humble.
I don't want to
presume anything.
>>NOORY: David, people
want to track you.
Your website, give
it out, please.
>>WILCOCK: Please.
My website is divinecosmos.com.
I do have an event coming
up in November at Sedona,
and there's lots of
other stuff we're doing.
Probably, I'll be doing
your show again pretty soon.
You guys have me on
about twice a year, so--
>>GEORGE NOORY: David Wilcock,
he's on Gaiam Television
and he's starting
another new program
on Gaiam Television
called "Disclosure."
You don't want to miss it.
I'm George Noory and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]